would you believe me if I told you this
sweet and savory dish featuring mandarin
oranges and bratwurst sausage only takes
the blink of an eye or the wave of a
magic wand to prepare transform yourself
into a beautiful weeknight meal well
okay maybe we need a little more than
abracadabra but let me show you how
quick and easy this amazing dishes to
put together and my life has been so
completely cray cray lately I need easy
so we're going to start by treating a
casserole dish with vegetable oil or
cooking spray and then place six
bratwurst sausages into the dish next
add one tablespoon each of brown sugar
curry powder cornstarch and white
vinegar to an untrained 11-ounce 312
gram tin of mandarin orange segments and
whisk well to combine pour that over the
brats I know I told you super easy right
and somewhat magical despite a faulty
one situation so now all we do is put a
lid on it and roast in a 375-degree oven
for 60 minutes now for the final
presentation because we want these to be
all brown and crispy on the outside just
transfer to an oiled baking sheet and
place under the broiler for two minutes
or so turning once how amazing to those
look serve over jasmine rice pour that
incredible sauce overall and bask in the
glow of all the accolades you're going
to get for this meal I hope you'll try
this easy weeknight recipe yourself and
until then just remember making magic in
the kitchen is easier than you think
fine for now